Alarm Clock by Nu Systems
Author: Edward Wegner (alias Nu Systems)
Sounds By: Edward Wegner using Audacity
Images By: Edward Wegner

-----------------------------------------------
Pre Agreement

1. By viewing my email address you SHALL NOT 
   ABUSE it in any way. Should you SPAM me or
   sign me up for SPAM or unwanted emails, you
   will have to deal with the consequences of
   your actions. So I'm going to say it right
   now: "I DO NOT GIVE ANYONE PERMISSION TO
   SEND ME EMAILS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED FOR
   THE SPECIFIC PURPOSE STATED AND NO OTHER
   PURPOSE." If you include a bug report plus
   SPAM, that will also be a violation of this
   agreement.
-----------------------------------------------
Terms and Conditions

1. This software is FREEWARE and it is provided
   AS IS. As it is you will have to abide by all
   the terms listed in this agreement. This
   software may be distributed freely without
   any changes other than those listed below (see
   REDISTRIBUTION WITH CHANGES). Distribution of
   this software must remain free, not bundled
   with, but not limited to, adware, spyware, or
   any other software of the like. Should you
   redistribute this software with, but not
   limited to, adware, and spyware, the
   distributor shall have to stop the distribution 
   of their software with my software bundled with
   it and pay for any costs indured due to their
   action(s).   

2. DISCLAIMER: This alarm clock may not be used
   for important applications such as getting up
   at the last minute to get to work on time.
   You should use a secondary alarm clock should
   this program fail or use this alarm clock as a
   secondary alarm clock. Before depending on
   this alarm clock you should either test it out
   on the weekend when you sleep in or when ever
   you can sleep in with out consequence. Should
   you fail to turn up the volume on your
   speakers and/or your sound card, you will
   acknowledge that you were at fault and not the
   program. I do guarantee that this software
   is/was not bundled with any software when I
   distributed the software. Should you download
   my software as redistributed and it comes
   bundled with unwanted software, report it to
   my email at a220169@hotmail.com.
   
3. REDISTRIBUTION WITH CHANGES is allowed
   unless the changes made to the software
   cause undesired or unwanted operation to the
   recipient of the altered software. This
   includes, but is not limited to, DATA MINING,
   ADWARE, SPYWARE, AND TROJANS. If you break
   this term of the agreement you will pay for
   any damages that follow due to your actions.
   To redistribute this software you MUST keep
   this "terms of use" agreement with the
   software. The redistributed software must
   also be freeware and must remain free after
   redistribution. You must not REMOVE my name
   and/or my alias from any part or all parts of
   the software. In addition to the former, you
   must also add your name with the following
   tags to the top of this document:
   "Redistributed By: yourname or company" and
   "Software Altered By: yourname or company".
   If you remove my tones you can ONLY remove
   my name from the "Sounds By: " tag and
   replace it with the respectful owner(s) of
   the sound file(s) you are using. The sounds
   you use must be of legal use: either purchased,
   used with permission, and/or made by the
   programmer and/or team the programmer is part
   of. Any changes that remove the display of
   this agreement including, but not limited to,
   assigning true to the agree variable is not
   permitted. Changing the sole function of
   this program is also not permitted. The sole
   function of this program is the original
   function of the program. The original source
   files, images, audio, and text documents 
   including this agreement must also be put
   into your JAR file which this software must
   be distributed and redistributed as.
   
4. REDISTRIBUTING AS BUNDLED SOFTWARE: you may
   only bundle this software with legitamite,
   ethical software only. This term may
   override any of the terms listed in this
   agreement or it may supplement those terms.
   THIS SOFTWARE MAY NOT BE BUNDLED WITH ADWARE,
   SPYWARE, TROJANS, DATA MINERS OR ANY SOFTWARE
   OF THE LIKE, and ADWARE, SPYWARE, TROJANS,
   DATA MINERS, OR ANY SOFTWARE OF THE LIKE MAY
   NOT BE BUNDLED WITH THIS SOFTWARE. When
   bundling this software:
   
   A. You must NOTIFY AND ALLOW the recipient
      to CHOOSE to install the bundled software,
      where the bundled software cannot violate
      the terms and conditions of this agreement,
      or
      
   B. You must NOTIFY AND ALLOW the recipient of
      your software to CHOOSE to install this
      software, where this software cannot be
      bundled with other software if the terms and
      conditions of this agreement are violated.
   
5. DEFINITIONS:
   A. By ADWARE, SPYWARE, TROJANS, DATA
   MINERS OR ANY SOFTWARE OF THE LIKE, it is meant
   that any software that is undesired and/or
   unwanted by the recipient, causes undesired
   and/or unwanted operation of the recipients
   computer, workstation, server, etc., any
   software that is installed on the recipients
   computer without the prior knowledge and/or
   consent of the recipient, collection and
   transfer of data on or from the recipients
   computer, workstation, server, etc. to
   another computer, workstation, server, etc.,
   the collecting of data to serve ads on the
   recipients computer, workstation, server, etc.,
   and/or any software that can be used as a
   gateway for any ADWARE, SPYWARE, TROJANS, DATA
   MINERS OR ANY SOFTWARE OF THE LIKE on the
   recipients computer, workstation, server, etc.
   
   B. The transfer of data includes, but is not
   limited to, the transfer of personal
   information, information used to track a
   persons internet and browsing usage,
   information that can track a computer,
   workstation, server, etc. remotely, and
   information that can identify a computer,
   workstation, server, etc. on an intranet or
   the internet.
   
6. Any subsequent terms and conditions that seem to
   be or are in conflict with these terms and
   conditions shall be disregarded and these terms
   and conditions shall be taken as the only terms
   and conditions pertaining to the conflict. If
   any terms and conditions strengthen these terms
   and conditions, the term and condition in both
   agreements shall be acknowledged.
   
7. The act of bundling this software means that
   you have agreed to these terms and conditions
   even if you haven't read these terms and
   conditions. This also applies to redistributing,
   and modifying the any or all parts of the software
   and/or source code and any or all documents that
   are part of this software.

8. Any added terms and conditions may not override,
   be in conflict, or veto any terms and conditions
   of this agreement. Should there be any of the
   above listed conditions this agreement shall
   have precedence over those term(s) and
   condition(s). I shall reserve the right to
   veto any term(s) and condition(s) that appear
   to veto any terms(s) and condition(s) of this
   agreement including my right to veto.

9. Emails will be welcomed for bug reports, and
   software abuse claims. No other reasons. If so
   it will be in violation of the Pre Agreement
   you have already agreed to.

   By checking agree below, you agree to abide
   by these terms and conditions listed in this
   agreement.