Help File

Frequently Asked Questions (Or at least will be):

1. Q.How does the alarm clock get set?
   A.Just click on the numbers. Clicking on the
     minutes will adjust the minute, clicking on
     the hour will adjust the hour, and clicking
     on am/pm will adjust am/pm.

2. Q.What color is am or pm?
   A.Am is green and pm is red.

3. Q.Why can't the time be adjusted?
   A.The time depends on the Real Time Clock. If the Real
     Time Clock is adjusted, the time for the clock will
     be adjusted within 15 seconds. Why does it take so
     long to adjust? The clock automatically updates
     itself so the time doesn't get thrown off when
     you run heavy applications. It also assures you
     that this clock will remain accurate.

4. Q.I can't hear any sounds?
   A.Make sure the output to your system mixer is turned
     up and also make sure your speakers are turned up,
     too. If it is not that then try updating your version
     of the Java Runtime Environment to at least 1.4.2! If
     you still have a problem, either Java doesn't
     support your sound card or your sound driver has
     been installed incorrectly. Ealier version of the
     JRE do not support the Java Media Framework. So you
     either have to download and install it youself or
     upgrade to the latest version of the Java Runtime
     Environment (JRE). As of 1.3 the Java Media
     Framework was included.

     If the items stated above did not help, try
     downloading the JAR file again.

5. Q.What is "Don't Let Me Sleep"?
   A.Don't Let Me Sleep is a function which disables all
     functions, for the alarm clock, for approx. 30
     seconds. The disable alarm function, the close
     function , the snooze function, the control panel
     and help panel are all disabled.

6. Q.How long is the snooze?
   A.The snooze is approx. 8 minutes long.

7. Q.What is all this Time Zone Stuff about?
   A.If you don't plan on doing any travelling you don't
     even have to touch this. If you are travelling, set
     the first Combo Box to the time zone you live in, in
     the second Combo Box set the time zone you are going
     to be in or are in. I.E. If you live in British
     Columbia and you are going to or are in New York, set
     the first Combo Box to -8 GMT and the second Combo
     Box to -3 GMT and the clock will be adjusted
     according to your system clock which must be set to
     your home time zone.
     
     IMPORTANT: If the system clock is adjusted the time
     zones must NOT be adjusted.