Scrabble Development Notes
John Vincent
last change 12/19/2003

FEATURES:

Has build.xml file.
ant to do the make - optional.
ant runserver    - runs the server.
ant runclient    - run client.

Up to 6 players.
One game.

Drag tiles from rack and place on board.
Move, Pass, Clear and Exit buttons supported.

To Pass, place tiles you want to keep onto the board and press Pass button.

Currently address of server is hard-coded as local.

Basically working. Cycles through the players, keeps everyone informed.
Not too bad.

A little brittle mind, but there is always the next version!

********************* TO DO ****************************

First word placed must cover the centre tile.....

Allow configurable server address in the client.

No support for word lookup.

No support for a computer user.

Support system through Java Web Start.

Socket communication should support SSL.
Will need this when my cheats work! 

Sort out the error handling. Make it graceful!

When you do not allow new players to join the game? After the first cycle of
moves maybe.

Check that thread.isAlive() actually works. This may be part of the current player
tracking loss. 

If thread is down, will doing on a method in the thread class necessarily cause 
an exception.

The thread status checking code requires some careful work. 

The thread cycling code needs the magnifying glass treatment.

No support for game over condition.
Game is over when all tiles have been placed or
all players have retired.
The winner is the person who, with no tiles left in the bag, has succesfully
placed all of his tiles on the board.
Any tiles remaining in other players tiles are deducted from each players score,
the sum of these tiles is added to the winning players tiles.
The actual winner is the player with the highest score.

Each player, retired, thread died, player exited.... - exclude these players.

Server needs to tell clients that game is over....
Final board...
Players and scores....
The winner is......
Thanks for playing etc...... please buy something....

No support for all threads have terminated.

Needs to support user retires. 
Add retire button, signal server, server sets playerinfo.m_bRetires. The thread
checking code will not resume the thread.

Retired user does not mean exit. The user will want to be signalled with game 
information including details of it's conclusion.

Server needs to gracefully handle thread loss. Trouble is, the server does not actually
have it's own thread, only the player threads actually exist.

The code is very light on comments. Sort this out.
Some of this stuff would be very tough to come back to.

Rename some of the classes. This Scrabble.... is a pest. Use packages.
What package name convention should I adopt?

Some of the code just winds on and on. Game.java badly needs to be broken up.

The program structure needs to properly documented. Drawings...

Check private/public - min access is best.

Check some traces - there are too many.

Do I need multiplier in LetterSlave?

Rationalize ScoreSlave and WordSlave - only one is needed.

The logic in validateMove() is a little winding. A rethink here can surely turn
up some softer solutions, with much less, and hopefully more readable code.
The mechanism for cycling through the threads seems rather dangerous. If the
current thread dies, the whole app is hung!

Check synchronizations.....
Only sync what needs to be sync'd. Maybe it is the object that needs protection,
not the method. Be Careful.

Should I switch the PASS button functionality. letters on the board are the ones to
toss. Or maybe, a picture of a dustbin, drag and drop to the bin!

I didn't get around to adding support for my cheating!
Special key code.
see other players racks.
ask server for some word suggestions.
require server to check with me before sending letters to other players racks!

document the communication protocol.

document the code properly.

try using an Object type for the socket communication. The object type will be unique
for each signal.
writeObject (Object)
where the Object is int signal, Object.....

use packages


CLIENT

the twitchy dialog really is annoying!

Ask the user for a name.

Ask if he wants to join a game or start a new game.

A new game, how many players?
Computer user OK?

make the squares larger - more readable, but will it still work?

is setSize() in ScrabbleClient needed?

when user selects a tile, the tile or the background should change. Could try
raising or lowering the tile, maybe change the color of the border of the selected
tile.

needs to more gracefully handle an EXIT condition.

needs to better handle exceptions.

there was a strange problem; could not sync both the getMessage and sendMessage on
the client - client would hang. Actually don't need to sync the getMessage anyway
as it is only run from the secondary listening thread in ClientPlayer, but I would
like to know why this happened.

do the JOptionPaneDialogs need some consideration with regard to the EDT?

needs help text (Version 9.1).

no about....

ensure 1 letter word is illegal.

ensure user does not put a letter onto an occupied tile on the board.

should I allow user to rearrange tiles in his rack?

make the applet work again.

really could use proper drag and drop.



BLANK TILE

No support for blank letter tile.
How to do scoring.
Need a Swing component to model this tile.
user needs to be able to select the letter.
A JPanel, with a pull down box?
User can change the blank tile while in the rack, not on the board.
Do not allow a blank tile to be dragged to the board.

The score for the letter is zero.


PROBLEMS:

4 players - after maybe 2-3 moves each, the current player signal was not received
at any client.

there seems to be some problem with thread tracking.

if a thread goes down, I need to catch it.

The program needs to catch these exceptions and take evasive action. At the moment, they are merely exiting....

The poor exception handling could be a part of the thread tracking problems.

OTHER:
I found the gifs on the net and downloaded them.
I suppose I could write them myself, but I would much rather someone else
does the art like work...

